you know what amazes me about you what
could be anything I'm a pretty amazing
guy
you turn the keys of your bar over the
guy who's asleep on your pool table and
then you jump in your car and you drive
me to hell and gone and you don't even
know where we're going ask the question
willing to surrender to God what the
hell happened to Mueller the Mahler
first-class drinker gamblers some
visitors amongst us here today we were
in the service together with your pastor
I haven't seen these many decades they
represent a dog period in my life that
went down awfully quick drinking Fortuna
you got a hold and boring shine down
because of my son I came here found you
guys
a year ago we joined the Corps and then
two days ago they told me that he'd been
killed gonna be buried in Arlington and
I was wondering if you guys could come
with me godforsaken desert why I'm
taking Larry home with all due respect
sir he deserves to lie Arlington you're
gonna take Doug back try to make it fun
they're cutting off your nose to spite
your face did you look at these faces
they've already been spotted I thought
we were going to a funeral we are going
to a funeral just looks like it's gonna
take a little longer to get there what
you gonna do strap the coffin to the
roof of your call we could do that thing
that made Larry different from the rest
of us yeah happy childhood you said that
yes sir
there's one minute that's not comparable
I'd like to try to enjoy as holiness can
hardly walk let alone handle a big rig
with a hydraulic lift this is a rental
with an automatic transmission you guys
ready for an adventure let's go
[Music]
what do you smell
urine I love it it's like the official
center the city things that come into
your head and out of your mouth you
worry too much
that's why your hair went so great could
you resist a man in this uniform I don't
think I could you're there for your
brothers that's all I really notice
get out of the way okay you want to play
let's play
you try to get me killed I will bury
your ass Mueller has arrived
[Music]